Multilocales supplier (#73)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: content/md/retailer-onboarder/suppliers-management/create-supplier.md

When it is finished your suppliers are created and displayed in the suppliers grid.

:::info
You can use `CSV` or `XLSX` files to import suppliers. The expected header of your supplier import file is the following:
* code: code of the supplier (required)
* name: name of the supplier (required)
* supplier_referent_email: supplier referent email (required)

> * retailer_contact_usernames: main user name in charge of this supplier, separated by comas (required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* retailer_contact_usernames: main username(s) in charge of this supplier, separated by comas (required)
```

* catalog_locales: locale codes, separated by comas (required)

> * user_default_locale: User Interface locale (required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* user_default_locale: user interface locale (required)
```
